v6.5: add lock stats docs (#11625)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Default value: `OFF`
- This variable is used to control whether the `SYSDATE` function can be replaced by the `NOW` function. This configuration item has the same effect as the MySQL option [`sysdate-is-now`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/server-options.html#option_mysqld_sysdate-is-now).

### tidb_sysproc_scan_concurrency <span class="version-mark">New in v6.5.0</span>

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Type: Integer
- Default value: `1`
- Range: `[1, 256]`

> - This variable is used to set the concurrent of scan operations performed when TiDB executes internal SQL statements (such as automatic update of statistics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to set the concurrency of scan operations performed when TiDB executes internal SQL statements (such as an automatic update of statistics).
```
